flexi joints was released huge
accomplishment but why aren't they here
yet I was warned that production runs
take time but wow this long good news is
they're shipping out within the next one
to two weeks apparently making things
takes time despite my complaint but even
better news the premium ebook is being
sent out in the next few days I
genuinely think you guys are really
going to love it the reason why you guys
haven't seen me posting all the time is
because there is a complete exercise
directory and every single exercise has
an exclusive follow along video thanks
for the incredible amount of support
there's a lot of hurdles with starting a
new product you guys made this possible
I appreciate every single one of you and
stay flexy